---
layout: page
title: Xin Zhe's Project Portfolio Page
---

## Project: Nuudle

Nuudle is a **desktop app for managing patient records and clinic appointments, optimized for use via a Command Line Interface (CLI)** while still having the benefits of a Graphical User Interface (GUI). If you can type fast, Nuudle can get your patient and appointment scheduling tasks done faster than traditional GUI apps. 
            The user interacts with it using a CLI, and it has a GUI created with JavaFX. It is written in Java, and has about 10 kLoC.

Given below are my contributions to the project.

* **New Feature**: Added the ability to undo/redo previous commands.
  * What it does: allows the user to undo all previous commands one at a time. Preceding undo commands can be reversed by using the redo command.
  * Justification: This feature improves the product significantly because a user can make mistakes in commands and the app should provide a convenient way to rectify them.
  * Highlights: This enhancement affects existing commands and commands to be added in future. It required an in-depth analysis of design alternatives. The implementation too was challenging as it required changes to existing commands.
  * Credits: *{mention here if you reused any code/ideas from elsewhere or if a third-party library is heavily used in the feature so that a reader can make a more accurate judgement of how much effort went into the feature}*

* **Code contributed**: [RepoSense link]()

* **Project management**:
  
* **Enhancements to existing features**:

* **Documentation**:
  * User Guide:
    * Added documentation for the features `clear`, `find` and `help` [\#72]()
  * Developer Guide:
    * Authored the `Use cases` segment [\#74]()

* **Community**:

* **Tools**:

* _{you can add/remove categories in the list above}_